You swallow nervously as you stand face-to-face with two large doors that have a golden plaque on them that reads “MR. CANNOLI”. You open the doors and are met with a large office with bookcases on both sides, a potted fern in each corner of the room, a bear skin rug on the floor. Directly in front of you sits a large imposing, mahogany desk with an even larger, more intimidating man sitting at the desk . As you take it all in, you feel water dripping on your hand. Water? From where? Is the roof leaking? No, I don’t see anything that indicates leaking. Am I sweating?  You hear a deep rough voice, like sand paper grinding on wood. It immediately pulls you back into reality. “Please, have a seat Mr.Mustaff.” You look towards him and:
Itsa me, Mr-a Cannoli
As you leave Mr.Cannoli’s office a man in a tuxedo approaches you. “So you’re Mustaff huh? Follow me.” You follow him into a room, as you look around you see it's some kind of armory. He takes you into a room in the back corner where a few weapons lay in front of you. “Names David friend.” He says smiling reaching his arm out for a handshake. “Nice to meet you.” You say shaking his hand. “So, since you’re new here we’re only going to give you a few items to start with. First a handgun, it isn’t loaded though, we don’t want you hurting yourself. Second a baseball bat, not as exciting as a handgun but at least you can hurt people with it. And lastly a pocket knife, very compact and deadly. So which one is it?”
armoury description
You walk into the store and see an older man standing behind the counter. You promptly tell him who you are and ask him to hand over the protection money.  He refuses and demands that you leave. You know you can’t do that. What do you do?
This store looks like poopoodoodoo
You return back to the compound to deposit the protection money. You are greeted by a David who earlier outfitted you with a weapon. He has changed to regular street clothes. Hello , Mr something , we have another job for you. We are gonna intercept rival gang members moving through our territory. You leave with David to a back alley. You walk to a Back Alley in your territory ( You look around it's a dingy underlit  back alley near the docks located in your gang territory.)  You have on your person your selected weapon.) You locate the rival gang members . You loudly shout for them to leave immediately. They refuse to leave and get ready to fight you. You and David get ready to fight.  You get into a fight with a single that is wearing glasses he gets the better of you and handcuffs you to a pole. 
I hate being chained up in this alleyway